If I can't afford it
Ha ha.
Haha, you poor guy is too funny, right?
You can scare me with just a broken card
It's so big, you can see it clearly
This is the Supreme Black Card
Ouch, what about the Supreme Black Card?
As far as I know
This kind of card cannot appear in Jiangzhou
Boy, you are from Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Do you still know the Huaxing Chamber of Commerce?
Yes, I am the young master of Huaxing Chamber of Commerce having an affair
Hahahahaha
Huaxing Chamber of Commerce shit
Just the fucking Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Made our Gao family go bankrupt
I'll tell you what.
If you are really from Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
I will kill you
I heard you have a new product here.
Or a colorful teapot from the Ming Dynasty?
I want that one.
Bring it to me.
Yo, I didn't expect it.
Is Wu Dalang quite well-informed?
What Wu Dalang
Who? How?
Doesn't Wu Dalang also sell biscuits?
Hahaha, I sell barbecue.
Don't talk nonsense, it doesn't matter
It's all trash at the bottom of society anyway
Also buy a colorful teapot
Can you afford that?
No matter how much he is
I'm going to order today.